[Core] set worker non recyclable if gpu is envolved by default (#30061)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/tasks/using-ray-with-gpus.rst

**Note:** Currently, when a worker executes a task that uses a GPU (e.g.,
through TensorFlow), the task may allocate memory on the GPU and may not release
it when the task finishes executing. This can lead to problems the next time a
task tries to use the same GPU. To address the problem, Ray disables the worker
process reuse between tasks by default, where the GPU resources is released after

> the task process exists. Since this adds overhead to GPU tasks scheduling,
> you can re-enable worker reuses by setting ``max_calls=0``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the task process exists. Since this adds overhead to GPU task scheduling,
you can re-enable worker reuse by setting ``max_calls=0``
```

in the ``ray.remote`` decorator.

.. code-block:: python

  import tensorflow as tf

>   # By default, ray will not reuse workers for GPU tasks which prevents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # By default, ray will not reuse workers for GPU tasks to prevent
```
